Add more hints when troubleshooting panda (#864)
commaai/panda: board/README.md

**Panda**

```
scons -u       # Compile

> ./flash_h7.sh  # for panda red

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./flash_h7.sh  # for red panda
```

./flash.sh     # for other pandas
```

Troubleshooting
----

If your panda will not flash and is quickly blinking a single Green LED, use:
```

> ./recover_h7.sh  # for panda red

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./recover_h7.sh  # for red panda
```

./recover.sh     # for other pandas
```

> If your panda is not being recognized (for example after flashing wrong firmware),
> use [panda paw](https://comma.ai/shop/products/panda-paw) to put panda into boot mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [panda paw](https://comma.ai/shop/products/panda-paw) can be used to put panda into DFU mode.
```
